more typos in whatsnew 8.32 (#14711)
ipython/ipython: docs/source/whatsnew/version8.rst

bugfixes and small improvements and requested backports, while 9.0 forges ahead.

We'll note 4 bugfixes and an and unstable preview feature.

- :ghpull:`14640` Fixes an error were a warning about virtualenvs was incorrectly triggered.

- :ghpull:`14684` Fixes an issue on Python 3.12+ with post mortem debugging.
- :ghpull:`14693` Fixes a bug where magics were ignoring SIGINT
- :ghpull:`14695` Fixes an issue where magics would not display all subprocess output.

As a preview feature, look into the ``examples`` folder on how to configure
autosuggestion using a large language model. This is not yet ready for

> production use, had only partial documentation and can change without warnings,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
production use, has only partial documentation and can change without warning,
```
